chore: generated CHANGELOG for origin/release/v52.17.0 (#3567)
forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode: packages/salesforcedx-vscode/CHANGELOG.md

# 52.17.0 - October 5, 2021

## Added

#### salesforcedx-vscode-core

- Custom templates for vscode ([PR #3563](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/3563))

## Fixed

#### docs

> - New Topic BYO Template ([PR #3565](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/3565))

Reviewer: Something like "Documentation for custom templates in VS Code" would be better. I'll let others suggest something better :)

#### salesforcedx-vscode-core

> - Detect-conflict-at-sync-doesnt-work ([PR #3556](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/3556))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix a conflict detection bug when components are deployed multiple times ([PR #3556](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/3556))
```
